Clone the contents of your new Cloud Source Repository to a local repo in your Cloud Shell session:

gcloud source repos clone REPO_DEMO
Copied!
The gcloud source repos clone command adds Cloud Source Repositories as a remote named origin and clones it into a local Git repository.

Push to the Cloud Source Repository
Go into the local repository you created:

cd REPO_DEMO
Copied!
Run the following command to create a file myfile.txt in your local repository:

echo 'Hello World!' > myfile.txt
Copied!
Commit the file using the following Git commands:

git config --global user.email "you@example.com"
Copied!
git config --global user.name "Your Name"
Copied!
git add myfile.txt
Copied!
git commit -m "First file using Cloud Source Repositories" myfile.txt
Copied!
Your output should resemble the following:

[master (root-commit) c072ab6] First file using Cloud Source Repositories
 1 file changed, 1 insertion(+)
 create mode 100644 myfile.txt
Once you've committed code to the local repository, add its contents to Cloud Source Repositories using the git push command:

git push origin master
Copied!
Git pushes the sample application files from the master branch to the origin remote:

Enumerating objects: 3, done.
Counting objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 247 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 0), reused 0 (delta 0)
To https://source.developers.google.com/p/qwiklabs-gcp-ba5b4dcd/r/REPO_DEMO
 * [new branch]      master -> master
Browse files in the Google Cloud Source repository
Use the Google Cloud Source Repositories source code browser to view repository files. You can filter your view to focus on a specific branch, tag, or comment.

Browse the sample files you pushed to the repository by opening the Navigation menu and selecting Source Repositories.

REPO_DEMO.png

The console shows the files in the master branch at the most recent commit.

View a file in the Google Cloud repository
Click REPO_DEMO > myfile.txt to view the file's contents in the source code browser:

